Badges and README updates (#1263)
slsa-framework/slsa-github-generator: README.md

parts really are.

### What is provenance?

Provenance is information, or metadata, about how a software artifact was
created. This could include information about what source code, build system,
and build steps were used, as well as who and why the build was initiated.
Provenance can be used to determine the authenticity and trustworthiness of
software artifacts that you use.

As part of the framework, SLSA defines a
[provenance format](https://slsa.dev/provenance/) which can be used hold this
metadata.

### What is slsa-github-generator?

slsa-github-generator is a set of tools for generation of SLSA3+ provenance for
native GitHub projects. It allows projects to generate
[SLSA provenance](https://slsa.dev/provenance/) safely and accurately using
[GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions).

Specifically, this repository contains tools for generating non-forgeable
SLSA provenance on GitHub that meets the
[build](https://slsa.dev/spec/v0.1/requirements#build-requirements)
and [provenance](https://slsa.dev/spec/v0.1/requirements#provenance-requirements)
requirements for [SLSA level 3 and above](https://slsa.dev/spec/v0.1/levels).

> While slsa-github-generator can help you achieve SLSA level 3, use of theprovided

Author: ```suggestion
While slsa-github-generator can help you achieve SLSA level 3, use of the provided
```
